as you know last week the
Thursday we present with
with the president to the first
Formations of the railway branch 81
railroad formations sarmiento
one of the formations
guarded was in north junction in
Puerto Madero with the objective that
those who would like to visit it
could do the naval prefecture with
his headquarters in Puerto Madero that was the
responsible
and guard this training
currency near 7 o'clock in the afternoon
to two individuals in a behavior
strange
decides to stop them one of them escapes
another escapes also in a taxi but
reach to stop him in the taxi and when
the requisan find a bag with
aerosol sprays
quickly it finds that there is one
of cars with three graffiti with three
grafitis of course
we have made the complaint the
criminal complaint in court number 14
of the doctor cassanello secretary of the
doctor luena which is available
transfer to the juvenile institute
intxausti of this minor that then
hours later it is removed by the
parents
there is a criminal case as I told them
I started yesterday
but I have ordered that a
complaint against parents in the
federal injustice for damages and
damages
I repeat the state is going to act against
parents in those cases that these
crimes are committed by minors only
and commitment and redouble the bet on
what am I doing that in this case
is to improve the transport service
public and fundamentally the subject of
the railways and I'm convinced that
we will achieve it as we have done
with the document with the passport in a
road policy with the instrumentation of
the steps and I feel totally
accompanied accompanied by the president
of the republic and I feel totally
of the republic and it seems to me that
responsibility that the
president is clear what is and I
I am 100% dedicated to this task and if
surely I fulfill this task
let's say I have no doubt that I'm going to
have competitive capacity for
next year